{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17720\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tqr\tx440\tx600\li600\fi-600\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 1.	What is the value of 
\f1\b sin(0\'b0)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 0\
B) 1\
C) \uc0\u8730 2/2\
D) Undefined\

\f0 2.	What is 
\f1\b cos(90\'b0)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 0\
B) 1\
C) -1\
D) Undefined\

\f0 3.	What is 
\f1\b tan(45\'b0)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 1\
B) \uc0\u8730 3\
C) 0\
D) Undefined\

\f0 4.	Which of the following is 
\f1\b cot(60\'b0)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 1/\uc0\u8730 3\
B) \uc0\u8730 3\
C) 0\
D) 1\

\f0 5.	
\f1\b What is sec(0\'b0)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 1\
B) 0\
C) Undefined\
D) \uc0\u8730 3/2\

\f0 6.	Which function is the reciprocal of sine?\
A) Cosine\
B) Tangent\
C) Cosecant\
D) Secant\
7.	What is the hypotenuse of a right triangle with legs of length 3 and 4?\
A) 5\
B) 6\
C) 7\
D) \uc0\u8730 13\
8.	If 
\f1\b sin(\uc0\u952 ) = 3/5
\f2\b0  and \uc0\u952  is in Quadrant II, what is 
\f1\b cos(\uc0\u952 )
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 4/5\
B) -4/5\
C) 3/4\
D) -3/4\

\f0 9.	Which of the following is 
\f1\b not
\f2\b0  a Pythagorean identity?\
A) sin\'b2x + cos\'b2x = 1\
B) tan\'b2x + 1 = sec\'b2x\
C) 1 + cot\'b2x = csc\'b2x\
D) sinx + cosx = 1\

\f0 10.	What is the range of the 
\f1\b sine function
\f2\b0 ?\
A) (\uc0\u8722 \u8734 , \u8734 )\
B) [\uc0\u8722 1, 1]\
C) [0, \uc0\u8734 )\
D) [\uc0\u8722 \u960 , \u960 ]\

\f0 11.	What is the period of 
\f1\b cos(x)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) \uc0\u960 \
B) 2\uc0\u960 \
C) 180\'b0\
D) 90\'b0\

\f0 12.	Convert 
\f1\b 120\'b0
\f2\b0  to radians.\
A) \uc0\u960 /2\
B) 2\uc0\u960 /3\
C) 3\uc0\u960 /4\
D) 5\uc0\u960 /6\

\f0 13.	What is the reference angle for 
\f1\b 210\'b0
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 30\'b0\
B) 60\'b0\
C) 45\'b0\
D) 90\'b0\

\f0 14.	If 
\f1\b cos(\uc0\u952 ) = \u8722 \u8730 2/2
\f2\b0 , what could be \uc0\u952  in degrees?\
A) 45\'b0\
B) 135\'b0\
C) 315\'b0\
D) 30\'b0\

\f0 15.	Which identity represents 
\f1\b tan(x)
\f2\b0  in terms of sine and cosine?\
A) sin(x)/cos(x)\
B) cos(x)/sin(x)\
C) sin\'b2(x) + cos\'b2(x)\
D) 1/sin(x)\

\f0 16.	What is 
\f1\b sin(\uc0\u960 /2)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 1\
B) 0\
C) \uc0\u8722 1\
D) Undefined\

\f0 17.	Which quadrant is angle 
\f1\b 300\'b0
\f2\b0  in?\
A) I\
B) II\
C) III\
D) IV\

\f0 18.	If 
\f1\b sin\'b2x = 1/4
\f2\b0 , what is a possible value of sin(x)?\
A) 1/2\
B) \uc0\u8722 1/2\
C) \'b11/2\
D) \'b1\uc0\u8730 3/2\

\f0 19.	Which of the following is true about 
\f1\b cos(\uc0\u8722 x)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) cos(\uc0\u8722 x) = \u8722 cos(x)\
B) cos(\uc0\u8722 x) = cos(x)\
C) cos(\uc0\u8722 x) = sin(x)\
D) cos(\uc0\u8722 x) = \u8722 sin(x)\

\f0 20.	Which is 
\f1\b not
\f2\b0  an odd function?\
A) sin(x)\
B) tan(x)\
C) cos(x)\
D) csc(x)\

\f0 21.	What is the amplitude of 
\f1\b y = 3 sin(x)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 3\
B) 1\
C) 2\uc0\u960 \
D) Undefined\

\f0 22.	What is the phase shift of 
\f1\b y = sin(x \uc0\u8722  \u960 /4)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) \uc0\u960 \
B) \uc0\u8722 \u960 /4\
C) \uc0\u960 /4\
D) 0\

\f0 23.	What is the period of 
\f1\b y = tan(x)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) \uc0\u960 \
B) 2\uc0\u960 \
C) 180\'b0\
D) 360\'b0\

\f0 24.	Which trig function has vertical asymptotes at 
\f1\b x = \'b1\uc0\u960 /2, \'b13\u960 /2\'85
\f2\b0 ?\
A) tan(x)\
B) cot(x)\
C) sec(x)\
D) csc(x)\

\f0 25.	If a triangle has angles 30\'b0, 60\'b0, and 90\'b0, what are the side ratios?\
A) 1 : 1 : \uc0\u8730 2\
B) 1 : \uc0\u8730 3 : 2\
C) \uc0\u8730 3 : 1 : 2\
D) 1 : 2 : \uc0\u8730 3\
26.	What is the value of 
\f1\b sin(30\'b0)
\f2\b0 ?\
A) 1/2\
B) \uc0\u8730 2/2\
C) \uc0\u8730 3/2\
D) 0\

\f0 27.	Solve: 
\f1\b sin(x) = 0.5
\f2\b0 , 0\'b0 \uc0\u8804  x \u8804  360\'b0\
A) 30\'b0, 150\'b0\
B) 90\'b0, 270\'b0\
C) 60\'b0, 120\'b0\
D) 45\'b0, 135\'b0\

\f0 28.	Which of the following graphs represents 
\f1\b a vertical stretch of sine
\f2\b0 ?\
A) y = sin(x)\
B) y = 2 sin(x)\
C) y = sin(2x)\
D) y = sin(x + \uc0\u960 )\

\f0 	29.	What is the general solution to 
\f1\b cos(x) = 0
\f2\b0 ?\
A) x = \uc0\u960 /2 + n\u960 \
B) x = \uc0\u960 n\
C) x = 2\uc0\u960 n\
D) x = n\uc0\u960 /2\

\f0 30.	Which function has a maximum value of 1 and minimum of \uc0\u8722 1?\
A) tan(x)\
B) cot(x)\
C) sec(x)\
D) sin(x)\
31.	If an angle in standard position has its terminal side on the x-axis, what is its sine value?\
A) 1\
B) 0\
C) Undefined\
D) \uc0\u8722 1\
32.	Which function is 
\f1\b even
\f2\b0 ?\
A) sin(x)\
B) tan(x)\
C) cos(x)\
D) csc(x)\

\f0 33.	If the height of a building casts a shadow of 40 feet and the angle of elevation is 45\'b0, how tall is the building?\
A) 20\uc0\u8730 3 ft\
B) 40 ft\
C) 40\uc0\u8730 2 ft\
D) 80 ft}